chore: document @ama-mfe (#2931)
AmadeusITGroup/otter: packages/@ama-mfe/ng-utils/src/navigation/README.md

# Navigation Message Service

## Introduction
The navigation service provides a way for an embedded application to share its current routing with its host application.
This allows the host to modify its own `window.location` to match the route of the embedded iframe.

This can be useful to restore the module to the current routing in case the user manually refreshes the tab.

## How to use
Connect both applications to the message service following the [package documentation](../../README.md).

### Producer: share your current navigation
For this scenario, the application embedded within the iframe is the producer of the navigation message.

> After calling the `handleEmbeddedRouting` once in your application main component, the `NavigationProducerService` will 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After calling the `handleEmbeddedRouting` once in your `main.ts`, the `NavigationProducerService` will 
```

start posting messages whenever the application route is updated:

```typescript
// main.ts
import {
  inject,
  runInInjectionContext,
} from '@angular/core';
import {
  bootstrapApplication
} from '@angular/platform-browser';
import {
ConnectionService,
RoutingService
} from '@ama-mfe/ng-utils';

bootstrapApplication(AppComponent, appConfig)
  .then((m) => {
    runInInjectionContext(m.injector, () => {
      if (window.self !== window.top) {
        void inject(ConnectionService).connect('hostUniqueID');

        // Start the service to produce
        inject(RoutingService).handleEmbeddedRouting();
      }
      // Other injections
    })
  });
```

### Consumer: restore a URL
The host application is the consumer, it will react to the navigation message to modify its location.
This is the default behavior of the `NavigationConsumerService`. Simply call the `start` method to use it
as described in the [package consumer documentation](../../README.md#consumers).

#### Restore the last known URL

> The consumer can also memorize the last route of a module if a user wants to resume its work on the module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The consumer can also memorize the last route of a module if a user wants to resume navigation on the module.
```
